[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hello, this is
Lilou for Gaiam TV.
I am today in Paris,
in beautiful France,
with delicious Sonia Choquette.
Hello, Sonia.
Hello.
I am so happy to
be here with you.
You're a world traveler.
Here we were meeting
last week in London,
and now we're here in beautiful
Paris on the Palais Royale.
One of my favorite
places on Earth,
with one of my favorite people.
So Sonia, I love
interviewing Sonia.
Sonia, as you
probably know, has a
beautiful, bubbly personality.
Loving, really clear.
And you give the how-to's.
And this is why it's quite
an important video here.
You're a New York
Times bestseller,
you're [INAUDIBLE] author,
you travel the world,
a spiritual teacher,
a psychic, a medium,
with just a lot of
capacities that I feel
we can all develop these days.
And that's really what you
teach to people, isn't it?
Well what I teach is
when you open your heart
and you use your second brain,
which is your heart, which
really is your first brain,
and you begin to use all
of your capacity
as a human being,
you begin to develop
a whole constellation
of skills that, simply working
from the ego, are not possible.
And those skills are the
things you mentioned.
You develop intuition,
you begin to understand
and are able to
create and manifest,
your personal
energy and vibration
improve, so you become
healthier, brighter,
and your world becomes
exponentially better
if you begin to live from this
heart-centered consciousness
that we are all truly
designed to live.
So all those things
I do are just
a reflection of
this consciousness
of higher heart-based living.
And that's what I teach.
That's why I love it, because
I think this is really essential
to get out of the brain.
I mean the intellect
is great, but let's now
live from a higher level, a much
more intuitive, vibrant level.
Well it's a level--
when we live strictly
from our intellect and our
ego and our external senses,
we're living a
very limited life.
Because most of what
we know or believe,
more importantly, from the
intellect was imposed upon us,
and not really--
it did not really
arise from our own
authentic experience.
And then to compound that
problem with your senses,
our senses don't work very well.
We don't really listen.
We don't really see
beyond appearances,
or even see what's in front
of our faces very clearly.
We don't even taste our
own food very often,
and we don't feel the
energy, or the subtle realms,
between the physical.
And so we're kind of
neither here nor there.
And therefore, it
renders us powerless.
And when we begin
to live in a more
present, heart-based,
conscious experience,
we begin to connect
with and create
a far richer more present, more
grounded, more creative life.
And that's how we came in.
We all came in fully
capable of doing this.
And our culture
and our impressions
and our imprints and
our life experiences
dumbed us down, really.
They robbed us of who we are.
And so I teach people really
just how to be who they are.
And who they are
naturally, and who they
are as their divine imprint.
Their expanded imprint
of humanity is with us
all, and we need
to go back to that.
But we really robbed ourselves.
I feel it's time for us to
reclaim it and stop blaming
outside, because the real work
there is-- that's what I feel
is being awake, being
awakened is that.
Well I think that it's
fair to say what we learned
and believed and trusted
was a consciousness
that was powerless.
And we're beginning
to recognize that,
one, there's no
one there to save
us if we want to be powerless.
There's no grandfather figure
or parental rescuer who's going
to come and take care of us.
So we just have to
say, you know, it's
time to do something different.
It's time to realize that victim
thinking, blaming thinking,
all that kind of
thinking just leaves
us very much like a
sheep, like-- I call
it lambchop to the slaughter.
I mean, we're just not
going to have any reward.
There's going to be no benefit
to continuing that way.
So we-- fortunately
we are beginning
to collectively realize that.
And we're starting to feel
the fire of our personal power
again.
And I'm here to flame that
fire, and teach people
how to grow that flame, and use
that flame to make their lives
brilliant in every way.
So we're going to get into
the details and the how-to's.
I would love to hear first, why
do you think we're on Earth?
Why are we here today?
I think Earth is school.
I think our soul, as
opposed to our spirit,
our soul is this part of our
nature that is here to learn,
to be creative and
unlimited divine beings.
To be able to live in a way
that is genius and vibrant
and loving.
But we have to go
through our lessons
and begin to separate sort
of the wheat from the chaff.
And we're here especially--
I believe right now
that, if Earth is school,
this period on Earth
right now is summer
school, where everybody has
to go back and learn
very quickly how
to live at a higher,
more creative vibration.
More loving, more creative,
more responsible, more dynamic.
So we are getting
really stopped.
And it's like we can't go any
further thinking the old way.
Everybody's in
summer school, and we
have to learn our lessons,
and how to be higher, more
dynamic creative beings now.
-Now.
And it feels easier and easier.
Well you know, if
you're willing to learn,
if you're willing to say
well, whatever I'm doing
isn't working, so time to
do something different,
and let go of control and let go
of fear and let go of the story
and just get excited about
trying something different,
then you're gonna
have a very positive
experience very quickly.
I really believe
the whole universe
is conspiring for our success.
I really do.
And the general
frequency of the planet
is accelerating so quickly.
We're learning to
be quantum beings.
We're learning to live
outside of the limitations
of our old beliefs.
And if we just try even
something as simple as what
I call my favorite
yoga pose, which
is to pull the ends of
your lips up to your ears
and hold that pose for
a little while in a day,
that, for a lot of
people, is very new.
Because when you do that, you
open the curtains of the heart.
And you open immediately
to a new frequency.
Even something that
simple would change
the consciousness of
your day, will change
the experience of your day.
Most people don't
walk around like that.
No.
Especially here in Paris.
It's not a common look.
But when you do that,
it's infectious.
It's like your spirit
jumps to another spirit,
and for a minute they might look
at you like what are you doing,
but they'll smile back.
And all of a sudden, you're
in a different frequency.
So something that
simple will change
your experience
immediately, because you're
out of your head.
I love those immediate
things that you have.
Like last time you
were teaching us
how to just-- when we're in
fear, how to look at an object.
Tell us how-- what is
that little technique
that is of course so obvious,
but we don't even see it.
I think we do it
automatically sometimes,
but to do it consciously,
it's like, wow.
What do you when you're
in fear is, first of all,
recognize, when you're in fear,
you're not in present time.
You're either
projecting the future
or you're reacting to the past.
So your eyes are not registered
right in front of you.
You're kind of--
there's a glaze.
You're gone.
And so the way to remove
yourself from fear is,
first, begin to start
naming what you fear.
Because it only possesses
you when you try to
stuff it or run from it.
But when you name it
and you express it,
it begins to dissipate.
So I'm afraid I'll be late.
But right now, I see the table,
I see this beautiful mural,
I see the trees, and I'm
afraid that I won't be loved.
And I see the chairs
and I see the lamps
and I see the people walking by.
And I'm afraid it's too late
for me to create my life the way
I want.
And I see a bicycle, and
I see some motorcycles,
and a beautiful-- the Louvre.
And when you say
that, what happens
is that fear that possesses
you begins to relax,
and you begin to come
back to present time.
Just like that, really fast.
It's like the fear is gone.
After-- I have never
known it to take
more than three minutes.
It takes no more than three
minutes, and the fear is gone,
and you don't feel it anymore.
And then you're in a place
to create something new.
Because we only create
in the present moment.
We have to bring us
back right now here.
We can't create
in our intellect,
except anxiety and frustration.
And we can't create
unless we're present.
But here's the thing.
If you are present
and you're not
checked out with fear
and anxiety in control,
you create very quickly.
Very quickly.
I want to tell you a story.
This is such a great story.
I was teaching in Australia.
And I taught this very tool.
And I decided to demonstrate
it by asking a gentleman
in the audience-- I think I had
3,000 people in this audience--
and I took a gentleman
and he was very upset.
He said, I'm here because
my wife brought me.
I wasn't-- I didn't want to
come, but she convinced me.
And I'm afraid that all of
this is just a waste of time.
I've been unemployed, I
cannot find work I love,
everybody I work
with is so negative,
and the country is seized
in so much negativity,
and I want to be in a business
where I could lead with
creativity and love, and
I want to manage people
who are really conscious.
And I don't believe
that's going to happen.
That's my fear.
And I said, well, what
do you see right now?
Look right in front of you.
And he said, I see a
bunch of smiling people.
And I said, and what
else do you see?
And he said, I see you,
and I see the microphone
and the beautiful lights.
And I said, look around
and what else do you see?
And he said, I see-- I see that
right now life is pretty good.
And then a man-- I
said, how do you feel?
And he said, I'm not afraid.
And then a man jumped
up in the audience
and he said, I have a
construction company
across Australia, and
I'm trying to build
because we just had the floods.
I would like to offer
you a job right now.
And the whole audience
just erupted in joy,
and that was it.
So quick.
It was-- I loved it.
It was really great.
And this is the kind of
thing that we can expect
if we just make that shift.
It's like, OK, I'm
afraid, but I'm not going
to let it make my choices.
And yet, when we
hear that, part of us
just love hearing that,
and then we're saying,
oh, but it's not for me.
It's another person.
That won't happen to me.
That's an example that is just--
that's one of those examples.
Not me.
But we have to start
including ourselves in these.
Well, what I would
say is you don't know.
You don't know if
that's for you.
Try it before-- and that's
what the mind will do.
That's what the
intellect will do.
It will immediately
make you the exception.
It'll say, you know,
all of humanity
can maybe have a
positive experience,
but you are the exception.
That is negative narcissism.
That is I am so
disconnected, but we're
learning from quantum physics
no one is disconnected
from the sea of consciousness.
And if you would just let
yourself play in that sea.
And one of my favorite tools
is to say I don't know.
Because you-- whatever you know,
you know as of a minute ago,
10 minutes ago, a year ago.
But you don't know for
now and the next moment.
So let's start living in
the realm of I don't know.
And here's another tool.
I love this tool for
people to begin to open
that window of creativity.
The tool is called I wonder.
I love that.
I started learning
this with [INAUDIBLE].
I just love that tool.
This tool-- do you know that
Leonardo da Vinci required
his apprentices to
wonder verbally,
openly, about 100 things a day?
And that's how that
collective creativity began
to become a groundswell for
all their great unlimited
inventions.
So you can start with, I
wonder who I'll meet today
that will make my life great.
I wonder if today's the
day I'll fall in love.
I wonder if this is the moment
where I can actually begin
to be creative in
the book, the play,
the dream, the home, the
trip, the return of my health.
I wonder what you really mean.
I wonder how I can make
the situation better.
I wonder what good surprises
are coming to me today.
It opens up the
field of potential.
Yes.
What happens when
you say I wonder
is you begin to live
in present time.
And you open to being inspired
and informed in a new way,
in a way that uses your heart
and your whole brain instead
of your habitual way, which
is very defensive and negative
and blocks everything
and says no.
I wonder says yes to life.
-Like a kid.
Kids live in wonder.
And frankly, until
we go to school,
we are really pretty much in
a state of grace and bliss.
And wonder activates
your intuition.
Wonder activates that part
of you that can be informed
in a quantum way,
in a way that's
better and more present
than what we've been told
is possible.
I wonder if I can fly.
I wonder if I can create
some kind of a contraption
where I can dial
in on a computer
and have access to
all the information
in the world via something
called the internet.
I wonder who wondered
about that first.
And I wonder what we're
going to create next.
Very different than trying.
Or figuring it out.
Figure it out is
not going to work.
The minute you try to
figure something out,
you're on the wrong road.
You're not-- you're only going
to draw from your frustrations
in your past.
So instead of trying to figure
it out, wonder 100 solutions.
I love that.
Because really on
the multi-level,
multi-dimensional, a lot
of things are happening
at the same time, aren't they?
Well the other thing
that's so exciting
is, when we go into
this vibration,
we begin to enter the
divine sea of convergence.
So all the intentions
that begin to meet where
we leave the
intellect and we begin
to open to this new
dimension, it's very magnetic.
And it begins to
pull in elements
that we could never know
because we haven't met them yet.
They all come
together and voila.
This is part of manifesting
with ease that you teach.
Well let me tell you
a really fun story.
I was teaching many years ago.
I was on a book tour
for my book that is
now called The Intuitive Spark.
It was originally
called The Wise Child.
And I wasn't known very well,
and I went on this book tour
and I ended up in San Francisco.
And in the bookstore,
there was one person.
And it was a very
stinky homeless man.
And it was raining outside.
And I was traveling
with my friend
Mark, who does music, which I
need-- I love in my creation.
So when we got there,
he looked around
and he said, well,
there's nobody here.
Let's go.
And I said, oh, but he's here.
And he said, Sonia, he's
not here to hear us.
And I said, we don't know.
That's not my business.
My business is to do what I do.
So I'm going to sing--
I'm going to talk to him,
and you're going to sing to him.
And it was tough.
My ego was so wounded.
It's like, oh my
god, I'm a failure.
Nobody wants to hear
about this book,
about how to raise
intuitive children.
But I started talking to
him, and he sat like this.
And he was very stinky, and
he was one foot from me.
But I talked to him like
I was talking to the most
interested person on Earth.
And then Mark sang to him.
And he was like this.
And at one point, he looked
up at me and he winked at me.
And I went-- Mark.
It's an angel.
Keep singing.
And so we left, and afterwards
my ego kicked back and said,
oh my god, this is so hard
and nobody wants to hear this
and I'm such a failure and
blah blah blah blah blah.
Well here's what happened.
The woman who was the
manager of the bookstore
moved to another bookstore
in Mountain View.
And one day, a man
came in and he said,
I am the new acquisitions
director for Hay House.
Who would you recommend
as a good author?
And she said, well, to tell you
the truth, the one I was most
impressed with was Sonia when
she came because, instead
of complaining to me that
there was no one here,
she poured her heart and soul
into the man in front of her.
And in one minute, I was
acquired by Hay House,
and they told me we're going
to take you around the world,
and have.
And I now have-- I have now
over 12 books with them.
In that decision, I
wondered why am I here
with this stinky homeless man.
But--
I love that story.
So you never know.
Don't ever judge by
what's appearances.
You don't know the magic
trying to help you.
Just do what you do, but do
it-- don't worry about what
everybody else is going to do.
Don't hold back, or in
order to, or with all those--
Figure it out.
Just do what we're doing.
So what we're doing,
and I wonder if it'll
be Oprah or something better.
I wonder if there's
even something bigger.
Yeah.
Right here right now.
It could be that this is
happening in the moment.
And I love living in this
universe of I wonder.
Yes.
This is where I live, and this
is where we all are designed
to live and where we were born.
So there is no-- it's not
anymore a question of I
have the money or how
is this going to happen,
because really this
universe is abundant.
That's what also you teach.
It's unlimited.
And you know, that's why
wonder is so important.
Because if your
life isn't working,
it's not a lack of money,
it's not a lack of love,
it's a lack of
imagination and wonder
to see all the possibilities
right in front of you.
I want to tell you another
story really quickly.
I had a client who said--
she was a hairdresser.
I'm so angry, I live
in the basement,
my clients don't appreciate
me, I don't have love,
I can't see how anything
you're saying applies to me.
And I said, well, I wonder
if you started living
with a little bit more
open energy, and just
be willing to be surprised.
That's another tool I have.
Surprise me with something good.
And so she said, great.
Fine.
I'll live with surprise.
I said well, really
give it a try.
Don't sabotage yourself.
So she said OK, I will.
And every day she said
surprise me, surprise me.
And in a week, her apartment
building burnt down.
And you would think that
was the most horrible thing.
Well, here's what happened.
Her clients loved her so much
they came with furniture,
they came with food,
they came with offers.
And one of her clients said,
please move in with me.
It was a male client.
And he had loved her all
along, and wanted to be
in a relationship with her.
But she never saw it.
And she moved into his loft.
And the best part
of this story is
she had all this old furniture
she hated, but she was insured.
So she got a check for all this
furniture, and she got money,
and she had love,
and she had friends.
And they were there all along.
So she didn't see it.
And bam, in a
week, her life went
through a complete
loss of everything
that she didn't like.
And what came in
in the second wave
was everything that
filled her heart.
She's still with the guy.
This is years ago.
That relationship--
so you never know.
And live in this
world of I don't know.
I wonder.
The universe will
surprise me today.
You're talking often of
the fire in our heart,
and because then we attract
just everything, really, to us.
So part of the surprise
me part, of the wondering,
is all raising our frequency.
And we can-- there's
also the fire inside
that we can learn to fire up.
Lilou, I love that you say
that because it is fire.
The spirit is fire.
It's alive.
It's a spark.
It initiates things.
And there's no fire
in the intellect.
That's what you see in
the eyes, it's fire.
That's what you feel
when you're creating.
It's a spark, initiative.
It's a huge kind of
explosion of creativity.
And you feel it.
And that fire is what attracts.
It's the light that
people are drawn to.
It's like the fire will draw in.
I say, be the fire
of the spirit,
not a landfill of old ideas.
Old thoughts and
negativity, it's
just a landfill of gross
energy that will repel.
And here's what's
most important.
There's two words that
will change your life.
And those two
words are I decide.
You decide what energy
you're going to live.
Whether you want to admit it
or not, you have a choice.
And it's time to choose to go
back to the fire, the spark,
the energy of the human
spirit, and live there.
Because if you don't live
there, where you live,
nobody wants to be in the
landfill of old, outworn,
and not very attractive energy.
So there's some exercises.
You teach a lot about dancing,
moving, shaking it up.
Yes.
Well first of all, if the
spirit is fire, fire dances.
Fire moves.
Fire is flexible.
And one of the reasons I
think it's so important for us
to move-- that's
a great technique.
That's another tool right there.
If you're trying
to figure it out,
if you're stuck in
negativity, get up,
go outside, and start walking.
And as you walk, notice
what is happening now.
And if you're afraid and sad--
I was yesterday, I was very sad.
I had a very sad
wave come through.
And my intellect was
confused, and I'm
living my beautiful
life, and why am I sad?
And it was just old stuff.
So as I walked, I
would say, I'm very sad
about certain
relationships in my life
not being where I want
them to be right now.
But I see fresh baguettes
and beautiful pastries
in the window and macaroons
and the flowers of spring.
And I'm very sad that
I'm not more-- I don't
have more time to just play.
And what do I see?
Well, I see bicycles.
And then I got on one.
I thought, OK.
Well, I'll play right now.
And the wave, that wave
of sadness, lifted.
And I realized,
that's just old stuff.
I don't have to be
in 24/7 rah-rah-rah
because human nature
goes up and down,
and so just be OK with it.
But move.
Don't sit in it.
Move with it.
Breathe with it.
And do you know sometimes your
sadness is not even your own?
You pick up on the
world's sadness.
Especially people like you, I
feel, that are extra sensitive,
and all of us
being more and more
sensitive to those energies, we
need to learn to distinguish.
I think so.
And even more importantly,
don't even care.
It's just what it is.
But move with it.
OK, I'm feeling this fear,
I'm feeling this sadness,
I'm feeling this disappointment.
We've all had those experiences.
Let's not fight them or judge
ourself as spiritual failures
because we're having
these experiences
and feeling these feelings.
Just feel them.
But it helps to name what
you're feeling as you move.
Don't sit in it.
Say what you're
feeling, and move.
Walk.
Bike.
Roller blade.
Swim.
And the feelings--
because emotion
is just energy in motion.
And when you try to
stop that energy,
it really pulls you
into a dark space.
Just move with it.
And spirit wants to
be bigger and brighter.
And so we go through
those phases, all of us.
And it's so good to hear
from people like you
that are teaching this and that
wrote many books, 12 books.
And to have those
moments, because sometimes
the teachers pretend
like, oh, it's all good,
and this is how to do it.
But I feel this is not the
space into which the one
we are now, because we
all go through motions.
And it feels much closer.
When you say this,
Sonia, it feels so great.
Because of course you are a
human being, but you know,
it makes it really even
more so approachable.
So I really appreciate
your authenticity here.
Well I really to
say, as human beings,
no one is tripping the
lights fantastic 24/7.
Believe me.
And I know many
spiritual leaders.
We are human beings,
and we just need
to accept that as human beings,
and especially sensitive ones,
there will be times-- it could
be that you're just tired.
It could be that you've
overgiven that day.
It could be that your
heart is really open
and you're feeling the
sensitivity and the pain
of the people around you.
Don't care what it is.
Just say, it is what it
is, and move with it.
And my favorite thing is
dance your misery out.
Just dance it out.
Shake it.
Shake it out.
And sing it out.
Shake and be-- that's a
favorite tool of mine.
If-- sing Broadway tunes.
Sing Do-Re-Mi, which
actually is a song
that balances your chakras.
Each syllable, each
do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti-do
resonates with one
of your chakras.
Sing and dance that out.
And it only takes
two or three minutes.
This isn't-- I'm
not asking anybody
to invest time they don't have.
But it will rob you of time.
And we do not have the
unlimited time to waste.
So try this.
You might say oh, that's not me.
But the me that's
miserable and stuck
is not necessarily
your authentic me.
That is a learned,
defended, disappointed,
reactive me that is
just a kind of a veil
over your bright spirit.
In fact, years ago, when I
first started teaching publicly,
I went and saw Jean Houston.
And she's this fabulous
anthropologist.
And she told a story
about a tribe in Africa
that never had any war.
And she went to see
what about that tribe
they were doing that
was so incredible.
They had no conflict.
And she said when she got there,
she learned from the tribe
that when anybody in
the tribe had a problem,
they all went to the
center of the village
and danced till
they got over it.
And I-- for that moment
on, I said, that's my tool.
Whenever we have a problem,
especially in my family,
and we're a passionate family
with a lot of strong ideas,
we can most definitely
collide and argue and fight,
our egos can do that.
But if we put on the
music and sing and dance,
we're fine in five minutes.
There's lots of solutions.
I was talking to this Frenchman
yesterday in south of Toulouse,
and he was
explaining-- actually,
Philippe Weber, that
is a teacher, too--
and he was just saying
there is some great news
in every single area.
Education, there's
this new thing
now happening where
there's ambassadors
of peace inside of classes.
And then it's the kids bringing
the peace within the classroom.
There's so many good,
spontaneous initiatives
that can take place that
can change the world.
It's up to us-- the election day
happened yesterday in France.
But you know, there
is-- it's not-- it's OK.
It's what it is.
We are the ones.
Well I think our
new question needs
to be don't necessarily be
angry with the way it is,
because that's the way it is.
But if you feel anger,
there's something
in you that wants to say stop.
So just let it stop for you.
Don't try to stop it.
Just stop participating in it,
and you do something different.
You do something different.
If you feel that
the world you're in
isn't OK-- I had a great
teacher years ago, and he said,
if you don't like
the way the world is,
then don't be part
of the misery of it.
Be something different,
be something bright.
You be the solution
in the moment.
Don't participate in the misery.
Don't associate yourself to it.
And you know, I
have lived in a way
and I have taught
in a way that has
really ignited this same
sensibility in others.
If the vibration that you
are in isn't working for you,
use your left and
right foot and leave.
Just walk in a different way.
Walk away from the
problem, and walk
toward your personal solution.
Do that.
You have a choice.
Use your creativity
well, and ask
yourself, well, given
the circumstances,
what do I decide?
Because that's something
no one can take from you,
is the power to choose.
No one.
You can choose what
you think and feel
and focus on and
pay attention to.
Don't make it big and global.
That's oppressive.
Just say, in this
moment, what are
we going to choose--
what am I going
to choose that's different?
And I choose to
love myself anyway.
So I'll choose-- maybe
instead of to fight,
I'll choose to sing.
And maybe instead of
choosing to be depressed,
I'll choose to move.
Instead of choosing
to feel powerless,
I'll choose to
create something new,
even if it's a cake or a
salad or I'll rearrange
my apartment or my home.
I'll choose to do
something that pleases
me, because I love myself.
I'll choose to listen
to my favorite song.
I'll choose to go
work in the garden.
I'll choose to buy
myself some flowers.
I'll choose to watch
a comedy on TV.
You can always choose something.
And that's the point.
Choose something
that's good for you.
And now.
Not tomorrow, not next
week, not tonight.
Not worrying about
choosing it for the world,
because sometimes it can
be very daunting, too.
One of my favorite lessons
I learned when I was young,
I had a beautiful
teacher, Charlie
Goodman-- and I write
about him in my book
The Diary of a Psychic.
He was an incredible,
incredible man.
And I said to him,
as our process of my
being a student of
his, I asked him,
well, what do I do
when we're not--
when I'm not your student?
And he Sonia, I'll
give you one lesson
that will make your life work.
And that lesson is
mind your own business.
Don't try to mind
everybody else's.
Mind yours, and
really do mind it.
Pay attention to what
is your business,
what is your life, what
is your creativity, what
is your vibration.
Mind that.
And everybody else will
take care of themselves.
And I've lived that
way pretty much.
If my life isn't
working very well,
the first question
I ask myself, am
I minding my business
or am I trying
to control someone else's.
And usually, I'm trying
And that's not going to work.
So that's another
very good tool.
Ask yourself, who's
business am I minding.
And if it's someone else's,
then I'm not minding my own.
And if I'm not minding my
own, I'm not being creative.
And that's just
really a way to stop
things and get back on the
track of living your spirit.
This is what this whole
conversation was about.
Thank you so much, Sonia.
It's been a pleasure.